README.md, before:

# BadAppleBash

![Design sem nome](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/329e599e-2284-4d9d-8936-3c166f85334d)

This project reproduces the ["Bad Apple!!"](https://youtu.be/9lNZ_Rnr7Jc?si=ROgXrVvdx13oKPM4) video using Bash script, with all graphics rendered in ASCII art.

## Usage Instructions

### Quick Start (Curl Installation)

Run the animation directly with a single command:

```bash
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FunsaiSushi/bad-apple/main/install.sh | sh
```

This will automatically download and run the animation. The files are temporarily stored and cleaned up after execution.

### Manual Installation

1.  Clone the repository to your local environment:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FunsaiSushi/bad-apple.git
```

2.  Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd bad-apple
```

3.  Make the `run.sh` script executable:

```bash
chmod +x run.sh
```

4.  Run the script:

```bash
./run.sh
```

---

This project is a fork of [trung-kieen/bad-apple-ascii](https://github.com/trung-kieen/bad-apple-ascii). Special thanks to the original creator for their work!

Commit message:

Patch install.sh to skip interactive audio prompt and update README for Windows installation instructions
- Modified install.sh to automatically determine audio playback based on mpv availability and skip the interactive prompt.
- Added instructions for running the animation on Windows using PowerShell in the README.

README.md, after:

# BadAppleBash

![Design sem nome](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/329e599e-2284-4d9d-8936-3c166f85334d)

This project reproduces the ["Bad Apple!!"](https://youtu.be/9lNZ_Rnr7Jc?si=ROgXrVvdx13oKPM4) video using Bash script, with all graphics rendered in ASCII art.

## Usage Instructions

### Quick Start (Curl Installation)

#### macOS / Linux

Run the animation directly with a single command:

```bash
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FunsaiSushi/bad-apple/main/install.sh | sh
```

#### Windows (PowerShell)

Run the animation directly with PowerShell:

```powershell
irm https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FunsaiSushi/bad-apple/main/install.ps1 | iex
```

**Note:** Windows requires Git Bash (comes with [Git for Windows](https://git-scm.com/download/win)) or WSL to run the animation script. The PowerShell installer will automatically use bash if available.

This will automatically download and run the animation. The files are temporarily stored and cleaned up after execution.

### Manual Installation

1.  Clone the repository to your local environment:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/FunsaiSushi/bad-apple.git
```

2.  Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd bad-apple
```

3.  Make the `run.sh` script executable:

```bash
chmod +x run.sh
```

4.  Run the script:

```bash
./run.sh
```

---

This project is a fork of [trung-kieen/bad-apple-ascii](https://github.com/trung-kieen/bad-apple-ascii). Special thanks to the original creator for their work!
